To be evenminded is the greatest virtue. Heraclitus
Just keep in mind: the more we value things outside our control, the less control we have. Epictetus
The tranquility that comes when you stop caring what they say. Or think, or do. Only what you do. Marcus Aurelius
The whole future lies in uncertainty: live immediately. Seneca
It does not matter what you bear, but how you bear it. Seneca
A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials. Seneca
To be calm is the highest achievement of the self. Zen proverb
He has the most who is content with the least. Diogenes
Self-control is strength. Right thought is mastery. Calmness is power. James Allen
Man conquers the world by conquering himself. Zeno of Citium
Be stoic: Just do the right thing. Just keep going. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Success is based off of your willingness to work your ass off no matter what obstacles are in your way. David Goggins
When someone is properly grounded in life, they shouldn&apos;t have to look outside themselves for approval. Epictetus
The ultimate power in life is to be completely self-reliant, completely yourself. Robert Greene
To be stoic is not to be emotionless, but to remain unaffected by your emotions. James Pierce
Learn to be indifferent to what makes no difference. Marcus Aurelius
To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden. Seneca
The willing are led by fate, the reluctant dragged. Cleanthes
Too many people believe that everything must be pleasurable in life. Robert Greene
If you are easily provoked you are easily controlled.
Be an island of calm in the sea of craziness.
Relentlessly prune bullshit, don&apos;t wait to do things that matter, and savor the time you have. Paul Graham
Be a master of the mind, not mastered by the mind. Zen proverb
The more you seek the uncomfortable, the more you will become comfortable. Conor McGregor
Failure and deprivation are the best educators and purifiers. Albert Einstein
If it&apos; endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining. Marcus Aurelius
Between stimulus and response, there is a space. In that space is our power to choose our response. Viktor Frankl
The mind that is anxious about future events is miserable. Seneca
If you make happiness your goal, you&apos;ll be disappointed. If you make presence your goal, you&apos;ll be satisfied. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
That one wants nothing to be different, not forward, not backwards, not in all eternity. Not merely bear what is necessary, still less conceal it... but love it. Friedrich Nietzsche
The wise man is neither raised up by prosperity nor cast down by adversity; for always he has striven to rely predominantly on himself, and to derive all joy from himself. Seneca
The great law of nature is that it never stops. There is no end. Ryan Holiday
Don&apos;t explain your philosophy. Embody it. Epictetus
I love to go and see all the things I am happy without. Socrates (On going to the market)
The robbed that smiles steals something from the thief. Othello
Stoicism is about the domestication of emotions, not their elimination. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
A Stoic is someone who transforms fear into prudence, pain into transformation, mistakes into initiation, and desire into undertaking. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Stoicism teaches how to keep a calm and rational mind no matter what happens to you and it helps you understand and focus on what you can control and not worry about and accept what you can&apos;t control. Jonas Salzgeber
Stoicism, understood properly, is a cure for a disease. The disease in question is the anxiety, grief, fear, and various other negative emotions that plague humans and prevent them from experiencing a joyful existence. William B. Irvine
Waste no more time arguing what a good man should be, be one. Marcus Aurelius
The true hero is one who conquers his own anger and hatred. Dalai Lama
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. William James
Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants. Epictetus
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has. Epictetus
You have power over your mind &apos; not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. Marcus Aurelius
Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms - to choose one&apos; attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one&apos; own way. Viktor Frankl
Many men will meet me who are drunkards, lustful, ungrateful, greedy, and excited by the frenzy of ambition. Seneca
Set aside a certain number of days during which you shall be content with the scantiest and cheapest fare, with coarse and rough dress, saying to yourself the while, "Is this the condition that I feared?" Seneca
It is not the man who has too little, but the man who craves more, that is poor. Seneca
The things you own end up owning you. Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists)
Is there such a thing as a cheerful pessimist? That&apos; what I am. Charlie Munger
The reason why we have two ears and only one mouth is so we might listen more and talk less. Zeno of Citium
I begin to speak only when I&apos;m certain what I&apos;ll say isn&apos;t better left unsaid. Cato The Younger
Nothing endures but change. Heraclitus
Why should we pay so much attention to what the majority thinks? Socrates
Be tolerant with others and strict with yourself. Marcus Aurelius
Order your soul. Reduce your wants. Augustine of Hippo
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods. Socrates
No human thing is of serious importance. Plato
Ensure you endure. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
The obstacle is the way. Ryan Holiday
Great times are great softeners. Ryan Holiday
Move toward resistance and pain. Robert Greene
The limit is not the sky. The limit is the mind. Wim Hof
Problems only exist in the human mind. Anthony de Mello
Discomfort is the currency of success. Brooke Castillo
Show people, don&apos;t tell people. David Goggins
Discomfort is a wise teacher. Caroline Myss
Just that you do the right thing. The rest doesn&apos;t matter. Marcus Aurelius
To complain is always nonacceptance of what is. Eckhart Tolle
If it doesn&apos;t challenge you, it won&apos;t change you. Unknown
What are the secret of success? -one word answer: "rational". Charlie Munger
Be present above all else.
Don&apos;t aim to be perfect. Aim to be antifragile. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Peace must be found in the imperfect present. @TheStoicEmperor
You will be attacked for doing the right thing. Do it anyway. @TheStoicEmperor
Think long term. Execute short term. Experience now. @TheStoicEmperor
You amplify everything you react to. @TheStoicEmperor
While we wait for life, life passes. Seneca
There is no genius without a touch of madness. Seneca
Live your life like you&apos;re the hero in your movie. Joe Rogan
When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love. Marcus Aurelius
Do what you will. Even if you tear yourself apart, most people will continue doing the same things. Marcus Aurelius
It can ruin your life only if it ruins your character. Otherwise it cannot harm you &apos; inside or out. Marcus Aurelius
Keep your intention pure. Emotions will try to distract you. So keep going. That&apos;s the cure. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Every hour focus your mind attentively...on the performance of the task in hand, with dignity, human sympathy, benevolence and freedom, and leave aside all other thoughts. You will achieve this, if you perform each action as if it were your last. Marcus Aurelius
There are two of the most immediately useful thoughts you will dip into. First that things cannot touch the mind: they are external and inert; anxieties can only come from your internal judgement. Second, that all these things you see will change almost as you look at them, and then will be no more. Constantly bring to mind all that you yourself have already seen changed. The universe is change: life is judgement. Marcus Aurelius
Make the mind tougher by exposing it to adversity. Robert Greene
The truth is that our finest moments are most likely to occur when we are feeling deeply uncomfortable, unhappy, or unfulfilled. For it is only in such moments, propelled by our discomfort, that we are likely to step out of our ruts and start searching for different ways or truer answers. M. Scott Peck
Life is a storm that will test you unceasingly. Don&apos;t wait for calm waters that may not arrive. Derive purpose from resilience. Learn to sail the raging sea. @TheStoicEmperor
Short term thinking is everywhere. Noisy feuds over little prizes. The long term thinker will be king. Win the decade, not the day. @TheStoicEmperor
How do you move forward? One step at a time. How do you lose weight? One kilo at a time. How do you write a book? One page at a time. How do you build a relationship? One day at a time. In a world obsessed with speed, never forget things of real worth and value take time. Thibaut
Give yourself fully to your endeavors. Decide to construct your character through excellent actions and determine to pay the price of a worthy goal. The trials you encounter will introduce you to your strengths. Epictetus
Now is the time to get serious about living your ideals. How long can you afford to put off who you really want to be? Your nobler self cannot wait any longer. Put your principles into practice - now. Stop the excuses and the procrastination. This is your life! [...] Decide to be extraordinary and do what you need to do - now. Epictetus
We should not, like sheep, follow the herd of creatures in front of us, making our way where others go, not where we ought to go. Seneca
Associate with people who are likely to improve you. Welcome those who you are capable of improving. The process is a mutual one: men learn as they teach. Seneca
As each day arises, welcome it as the very best day of all, and make it your own possession. We must seize what flees. Seneca
Inwardly, we ought to be different in every respect, but our outward dress should blend in with the crowd. Seneca
Be so busy building your own life that other people&apos;s bullshit is of no concern. Ed Latimore
In life, it doesn&apos;t matter what happens to you or where you came from. It matters what you do with what happens and what you&apos;ve been given. Ryan Holiday
We are quick to forget that just being alive is an extraordinary piece of good luck, a remote event, a chance occurrence of monstrous proportions. Nicholas Nassim Taleb
Difficulty is what wakes up the genius. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
A stoic is a Buddhist with attitude. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Missing a train is only painful if you run after it! Likewise, not matching the idea of success others expect from you is only painful if that&apos; what you are seeking. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
If you have your heart set on wearing crowns, why not make one out of roses - you will look even more elegant in that. Marcus Aurelius
If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe. Joe Rogan
Don&apos;t let jerks live rent-free in your head. Sam Altman (Y Combinator)
We are bacteria to the universe. We&apos;re basically monkeys on a small rock orbiting a small backwards star in a huge galaxy, which is in an absolutely staggeringly gigantic universe, which itself may be part of a gigantic multiverse. Naval Ravikant
Don&apos;t be the person that looks at the weather report the night before to decide what you are going to do the next day. David Goggins
Sometimes saying "fuck it" at the right time can be a very powerful thing. It tells your mind that you are willing to do whatever it takes to get to the other side. David Goggins
If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, &apos;He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone&apos;. Epictetus
I have to die. If it is now, well then I die now; if later, then now I will take my lunch, since the hour for lunch has arrived - and dying I will tend to later. Epictetus
The average man is a conformist, accepting miseries and disasters with the stoicism of a cow standing in the rain. Colin Wilson
Don&apos;t get mad at others because life is kicking your ass. David Goggins
What is to give light must endure burning. Viktor Frankl
Life is full of hostility &apos; some of it overt, some clever and underhanded. Robert Greene
Expect the river to be wild, surprising and challenging. To expect the opposite is to live in delusion. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
You are scared of dying&apos;and, tell me, is the kind of life you lead really any different than being dead? Seneca
You need not look about for the reward of a just deed; a just deed in itself offers a still greater return. Seneca
A nation is born stoic, and dies epicurean. Will Durant
Desire is a contract that you make with yourself to be unhappy until you get what you want. Naval Ravikant
Your existence, my existence is just infinitesimal. It&apos; like a firefly blinking once in the night. Naval Ravikant
The universe has been around for a long time, and the universe is a very, very large place. If you&apos;ll study even the smallest bit of science, for all practical purposes we are nothing. Naval Ravikant
We&apos;re not really here that long, and we don&apos;t really matter that much. Nothing that we do lasts. Eventually, you will fade. Your works will fade. Your children will fade. Your thoughts will fade. These planets will fade. This sun will fade. It will all be gone. Naval Ravikant
Effortless stoicism will come when you have dismantled everything in your mind that produces reactions. James Pierce
This is an era of universal hyperbole. Every day delivers a new banality disguised as an emergency. Distrust your first reactions. Begin with the assumption that you are overreacting. Conserve your emotional energies for your real concerns. @TheStoicEmperor
You will eventually die and the world will keep moving.
Take a deep breath. You&apos;re living the dream life of hundreds of millions who are below poverty line people. You have some of the best comforts available to you. You live better than kings did 100 years ago! What the f*ck are you so worried and stressed out all the time about? @LifeMathMoney
Unfollow the mind. Follow the heart. Mute the masses. @TheAncientSage
I&apos;m happy as hell, but I&apos;m also real. Happy didn&apos;t get me here. But going through hell to get to where I&apos;m at made me happy. David Goggins
Everyone faces up more bravely to a thing for which he has long prepared himself, sufferings, even, being withstood if they have been trained for in advance. Those who are unprepared, on the other hand, are panic-stricken by the most insignificant happenings. Seneca
What upsets people is not things themselves, but their judgements about these things. Epictetus
You become what you give your attention to...If you yourself don&apos;t choose what thoughts and images you expose yourself to, someone else will. Epictetus
Whatever happens at all happens as it should; you will find this true, if you watch narrowly. Marcus Aurelius
Why is this so unbearable? Why can&apos;t I endure it? You&apos;ll be embarrassed to answer. Marcus Aurelius
Run down the list of those who felt intense anger at something: the most famous, the most unfortunate, the most hated, the most whatever: Where is all that now? Smoke, dust, legend...or not even a legend. Think of all the examples. And how trivial the things we want so passionately are. Marcus Aurelius
Everything that happens is either endurable or not. If it&apos; endurable, then endure it. Stop complaining. If it&apos; unendurable... then stop complaining. Your destruction will mean its end as well. Just remember: you can endure anything your mind can make endurable, by treating it as in your interest to do so. Marcus Aurelius
An hour of deeply contemplating your own moral failures will leave you feeling much more forgiving of the foibles of others. @TheStoicEmperor
Many will choose the stability of slavery over the uncertainty of freedom. @TheStoicEmperor
Conviction is much more powerful than "positive thinking". Positive thinking is fragile and easily shattered by random tragedy. Random tragedy is an inevitable feature of life. Conviction guides you through misfortune. It does not wish it away. Purpose outdoes positivity. @TheStoicEmperor
Much of what other people know isn&apos;t worth knowing. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Always resignation and acceptance. Always prudence and honour and duty. Jane Austen
Uncertainty is an uncomfortable position. But certainty is an absurd one. Voltaire
The phrase that I use the most to myself in my head is one word: accept. Naval Ravikant
True rewards - wealth, knowledge, love, fitness, and equanimity - come from ignoring others and improving ourselves. Naval Ravikant
A man is no bigger than the smallest thing that provokes him. Dan Horton
Some can delay gratification. Others don&apos;t seek it at all. Be the latter. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Show me someone for whom success is less important than the manner in which it is achieved. Of concern for the means, rather than the ends, of their actions...I want to see him. This is the person I have looked for a long time, the true genius. Epictetus
Learn to detach yourself from the chaos of the battlefield. Robert Greene
The wise man needs nothing and yet he can make good use of anything, whereas the fool &apos;needs&apos; countless things but can make good use of none of them. Donald J. Robertson
Welcome if it comes. Let go if it goes. Chase nothing. Cling to nothing. Remain unconcerned. @TheAncientSage
Wisdom lies in cheerful acceptance of whatever life throws at you. @TheAncientSage
The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way. Marcus Aurelius
Don&apos;t allow yourself to be heard any longer griping about public life, not even with your own ears! Marcus Aurelius
Not to assume it&apos;s impossible because you find it hard. But to recognize that if it&apos;s humanly possible, you can do it too. Marcus Aurelius
Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess, and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours. Marcus Aurelius
Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the mountains... nowhere can a man find a retreat more peaceful or more free from trouble than his own soul. Marcus Aurelius
Objective judgment, at this very moment. Unselfish action, now at this very moment. Willing acceptance - now at this very moment - of all external events. That&apos; all you need. Marcus Aurelius
Understand what you can control and what you can&apos;t. Forget about the things you can&apos;t control and put that energy into the things you can control. Shane Parrish (fs.blog)
Intelligence consists in ignoring things that are irrelevant. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The wise man listens to meaning, the fool only gets the noise. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Heroes are heroes because they are heroic in behaviour, not because they won or lost. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
True happiness is to enjoy the present, without anxious dependence upon the future, not to amuse ourselves with either hopes or fears but to rest satisfied with what we have, which is sufficient, for he that is so wants nothing. Seneca
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We&apos;ve been using them not because we needed them but because we had them. Seneca
We must take a higher view of all things, and bear with them more easily: it better becomes a man to scoff at life than to lament over it. Seneca
He who laughs at the human race deserves better of it than he who mourns for it, for the former leaves it some good hopes of improvement, while the latter stupidly weeps over what he has given up all hopes of mending. Seneca
Peace. It does not mean to be in a place where there is no noise, trouble or hard work. It means to be in the midst of those things and still be calm in your heart. Unknown
The world might call you a pessimist. Who cares? It&apos; far better to seem like a downer than to be blindsided or caught off guard. Ryan Holiday
No one is asking you to look at the world through rose-colored glasses. Ryan Holiday
Take a deep breath. Get present in the moment and ask yourself what is important this very second. Greg McKeown (Author of
You cannot overestimate the unimportance of practically everything. Greg McKeown
No man is free who is not master of himself. Epictetus
Be silent for the most part, or, if you speak, say only what is necessary and in a few words. Epictetus
How long are you going to wait before you demand the best for yourself? Epictetus
Progress is not achieved by luck or accident, but by working on yourself daily. Epictetus
If change is forced upon you, you must resist the temptation to overreact or feel sorry for yourself. Robert Greene
Self-discipline and self-control determine the quality of your life more than anything else. Ed Latimore
He who angers you conquers you. Elizabeth Kenny
The only thing you can control is the thought you are having right now. Make it calm, clear and simple. Make it your superpower. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires, and fears, is more than a king. John Milton
Self-control is the chief element in self-respect, and self-respect is the chief element in courage. Thucydides
Don&apos;t argue with people nor insist on showing them truth. Maybe it is you who needs to change your mind. Even if you are right you only incur resentment by trying to correct others. @TheAncientSage
If you cannot change something, it is best to accept it cheerfully rather than adding to one&apos;s misfortune by grieving over it. @TheAncientSage
Self-control is all about moment to moment self awareness. You catch yourself doing - or about to do - something undesirable, see that it isn&apos;t good for you in the long term, and as a result of this awareness abstain from doing it. @TheAncientSage
One must be gullible yet skeptical, sane yet mad, proud yet humble, warm yet indifferent, faithful yet a heretic, loving yet uncompromising, fearless yet cautious, open yet decisive. These are not contradictions. They make a person whole. And above all one must be whole, not fragmentary. @TheAncientSage
If you lose self-control everything will fall. John Wooden
It is easy to blame "them". It is hard to confront "me". The easy path is the road to ruin. The hard path is the way of growth. @TheStoicEmperor
Be true to whoever or whatever you are and wear it like a badge of honor. Fit in with one person and one person only: yourself. David Goggins
There is no better way to grow as a person than to do something you hate every day. David Goggins
People are always looking for shortcuts. The only way to achieve greatness in life is to have patience, consistency, and discipline. David Goggins
Meditation is intermittent fasting for the mind. Too much sugar leads to a heavy body, and too many distractions lead to a heavy mind. Time spent undistracted and alone, in self-examination, journaling, meditation, resolves the unresolved and takes us from mentally fat to fit. Naval Ravikant
You find peace by coming to terms with what you don&apos;t know. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
When you are upset you are likely to sacrifice the wellbeing of tomorrow to appease the hurt feelings of today. Not a good trade. Subject your emotions to a cooling-off period before you allow them to guide major decisions. @TheStoicEmperor
Try to avoid making important decisions when you&apos;re angry. Acknowledge the emotion. Recognize that it clouds your judgement. Remember that angry people tend to sacrifice the long-term good in response to short-term provocation. @TheStoicEmperor
What matters most is not what our obstacles are but how we see them, how we react to them, and whether we keep our composure. Ryan Holiday
You stuck to your principles and when opportunities came along, you pounced on them with vigour. Charlie Munger
Stop trying to impress others with your stuff and start trying to impress them with your life. Joshua Becker
Talk, but rarely, if occasion calls you, but do not talk of ordinary things - of gladiators or horses races or athletes or of meats or drinks - these are topics that arise everywhere - but above all do not talk about men in blame or compliment or comparison. Epictetus
We must indulge the mind and from time to time allow it the leisure which is its food and strength. We must go for walks out of doors, so that the mind can be strengthened by a clear sky and plenty of fresh air. Seneca
Together with intelligence, self-control turns out to be the best predictor of a successful and satisfying life. Steven Pinker
The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness. Lao Tzu
We must remember: There is no easy way. Ryan Holiday
Genius often really is just persistence in disguise. Ryan Holiday
True stoics don&apos;t care about the outcome. They just care to give their best shot, right here, right now. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
The more time you spend in your discomfort zone, the more your comfort zone will expand. Robin Sharma
Cultivate a fearless approach to life, attack everything with boldness and energy. Robert Greene
I like times of turbulence more than times of stability. More opportunity to seize and grow. @LifeMathMoney
Advice for nearly everything: start slowly and maintain traction. Michael
True success is achieved by stretching oneself, learning to feel comfortable being uncomfortable. Ken Poirot
It takes courage to accept life fully, to say yes to our life, yes to our karma, yes to our mind, emotions and whatever else unfolds. Dzigar Kongtrul Rinpoche
Start living in discomfort. Gradually increase it little by little, and you will steadily grow. If you want sudden growth, deluge yourself in great discomfort and do not retreat from it. The more discomfort you are willing to bear, the more you can grow. @TheAncientSage
I like to see what I&apos;m made of. I want to see if there is a limit to the human soul. David Goggins
Comfort makes you weaker. We need some variability, some stressors. Not too much, but just enough. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The fragile wants tranquility, the antifragile grows from disorder, and the robust doesn&apos;t care too much. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
True will is quiet humility, resilience, and flexibility; the other kind of will is weakness disguised by bluster and ambition. Ryan Holiday
This is the mark of perfection of character&apos;to spend each day as if it were your last, without frenzy, laziness, or any pretending. Marcus Aurelius
In the mean time, cling tooth and nail to the following rule: not to give in to adversity, not to trust prosperity, and always take full note of fortune&apos; habit of behaving just as she pleases. Seneca
Let us not postpone anything, let us engage in combats with life each day. Seneca
It&apos; not that we have little time, but more that we waste a good deal of it. Seneca
Begin at once to live, and count each separate day as a separate life. Seneca
Life will punch you in the face if your head gets too big. Don&apos;t ever pretend, don&apos;t lie, don&apos;t feel superior. Just be honest and do your own thing. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Concentrate every minute like a Roman&apos; like a man&apos; on doing what&apos; in front of you with precise and genuine seriousness, tenderly, willingly, with justice. And on freeing yourself from all other distractions. Marcus Aurelius
The ordinary objects of human endeavour - property, outward success, luxury - have always seemed to me contemptible. Albert Einstein
The meaning of life is just to be alive. It is so plain and so obvious and so simple. And yet, everybody rushes around in a great panic as if it were necessary to achieve something beyong themselves. Alan Watts
You are not affected by reality itself but by your interpretation of reality. A change of perspective changes everything. @TheAncientSage
A person who has built his life around pleasure is bound to be disillusioned. Hedonism is not sustainable, and it leaves a person empty. We are not meant to experience sustained pleasure. Therefore, to cope with the drab routine of daily existence, one must find meaning somewhere. @TheAncientSage
Life is a slow treadmill. People who stand still are actually going behind. Live Math Money
There is no beginning and there is no end to time. There is only your perception of time. Zen proverb
When the pools of perception are clear, everything appears &apos;as is&apos;. Zen proverb
When we become fixed in our perceptions we lose our ability to fly. Mingyur Rinpoche
Remember that your perception of the world is a reflection of your state of consciousness. Eckhart Tolle
Be disentangled from all perceptions. They are not you. Brian Thompson
Why do you so earnestly seek the truth in distant places? Look for delusion and truth in the bottom of your own hearts. Ry┼ìkan
Drop your concepts, drop your opinions, drop your prejudices, drop your judgments, and you will see that. Anthony de Mello
Understand: in life as in war, nothing ever happens just as you expect it to. Robert Greene
Realists are not afraid to look at the harsh circumstances of life. Robert Greene
Assume life will be really tough, and then ask if you can handle it. If the answer is yes, you&apos;ve won. Charlie Munger
Life isn&apos;t always about doing the things we like to do. It&apos;s about doing things we have to do. David Goggins
Success is the enemy of learning. It can deprive you of the time and the incentive to start over. Beginner&apos; mind also needs beginner&apos; time. Naval Ravikant
Drama provides a convenient distraction. We light small fires and busy ourselves with putting them out. Short term "emergencies" give us an excuse to ignore the long term issues that we don&apos;t wish to acknowledge. @TheStoicEmperor
Not everything requires a response. This is truth for many things in life and almost everything in the news. @TheStoicEmperor
Expectation is the only seed of disappointment. Mokokoma Mokhonoana
The fundamental delusion &apos; there is something out there that will make me happy and fulfilled forever. Naval Ravikant
The easiest way to live unhappy and unsatisfied is to hope. More often than not, you&apos;ll be disappointed. Thus, your main aim should be to do the best you can right now and to expect nothing at all. Accept the way things turn out despite your best effort. That&apos;s the only path to a peaceful mind. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
The secret of happiness, you see, is not found in seeking more, but in developing the capacity to enjoy less. Socrates
Because most of what we say and do is not essential. If you can eliminate it, you&apos;ll have more time, and more tranquility. Ask yourself at every moment, &apos;Is this necessary?&apos;. Marcus Aurelius
If you seek tranquility, do less. Or (more accurately) do what&apos; essential - what the reason of a social being requires, and in the requisite way. Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better. Marcus Aurelius
The fundamental human fallacy: the illusion that a change in external circumstances will lead to permanent bliss. That the attainment of a future goal will make you satisfied forever. The illusion is so entrenched that it persists despite being refuted by repeated experience. @TheAncientSage
So, concerning the things we pursue, and for which we vigorously exert ourselves, we owe this consideration - either there is nothing useful in them, or most aren&apos;t useful. Some of them are superfluous, while others aren&apos;t worth that much. But we don&apos;t discern this and see them as free, when they cost us dearly. Seneca
A man thus grounded must, whether he wills or not, necessarily be attended by constant cheerfulness and a joy that is deep and issues from deep within, since he finds delight in his own resources, and desires no joys greater than his inner joys. Seneca
Your food should appease your hunger, your drink quench your thirst, your clothing keep out the cold, your house be a protection against inclement weather. It makes no difference whether it is built of turf or of variegated marble imported from another country. Seneca
Barley porridge, or a crust of bread, and water do not make a very cheerful diet, but nothing gives one keener pleasure than the ability to derive pleasure even from that—and the feeling of having arrived at something which one cannot be deprived of by any unjust stroke of fortune. Seneca
Set aside now and then a number of days during which you will be content with the plainest of food, and very little of it, and with rough, coarse clothing, and will ask yourself, &apos;Is this what one used to dread? Seneca
It is essential to make oneself used to putting up with a little. Even the wealthy and the well provided are continually met and frustrated by difficult times and situations. It is in no man&apos; power to have whatever he wants; but he has it in his power not to wish for what he hasn&apos;t got, and cheerfully make the most of the things that do come his way. Seneca
The happiness of those who want to be popular depends on others; the happiness of those who seek pleasure fluctuates with moods outside their control; but the happiness of the wise grows out of their own free acts. Marcus Aurelius
All you need are these: certainty of judgment in the present moment; action for the common good in the present moment; and an attitude of gratitude in the present moment for anything that comes your way. Marcus Aurelius
I am happy because I want nothing from anyone. I do not care for money. Decorations, titles or distinctions mean nothing to me. I do not crave praise. The only thing that gives me pleasure, apart from my work, my violin and my sailboat, is the appreciation of my fellow workers. Albert Einstein
It&apos;s hard to prioritize the long term when you think you should feel comfortable in every moment. Michael
When you transform your mind, everything you experience is transformed. Mingyur Rinpoche
The expectation that you bring to your meditation are often the greatest obstacles you will encounter. Mingyur Rinpoche
When you internalize that the source of your satisfaction is within you not without, you are then prepared to receive bliss that never ends because it does not rely on the ever changing external circumstances. @TheAncientSage
Contentment doesn&apos;t mean you stop improving your situation. In fact it has nothing to do with your external situation. It is a state of mind in which your happiness does not depend on external circumstances. It is the absence of neediness. You become self sufficient. @TheAncientSage
Getting more of something has not satisfied anyone. It will not satisfy you either. It will only increase your discontent. He who has little can be content, but not the one who has a lot. The more one attains, the higher the expectations, and the greater the discontent. @TheAncientSage
We humans are unhappy in large part because we are insatiable; after working hard to get what we want, we routinely lose interest in the object of our desire. Rather than feeling satisfied, we feel a bit bored, and in response to this boredom, we go on to form new, even grander desires. William B. Irvine
Happiness isn&apos;t outside of us, but actually comes from within. Leo Babauta
The most important reason to live in the moment is nothing lasts forever. Enjoy the moment while it&apos; in front of you. Be present. Accept life for what it is: a finite span of time with infinite possibilities. Joshua Fields Millburn (The Minimalists)
Happiness is not to acquire and enjoy, but nothing to be desired, as it is to be free. Epictetus
It is impossible that happiness, and yearning for what is not present, should ever be united. Epictetus
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will. Epictetus
Happiness is a choice that requires effort at times. Aeschylus
The thicker the skin, the happier the man. @LifeMathMoney
To love only what happens, what was destined. No greater harmony. Marcus Aurelius
The goal of life is living in agreement with Nature. Zeno of Citium
As long as you remember that everything is exactly how it&apos; supposed to be, you will always be sane. Alan Watts
Amor fati - "Love your fate", which is in fact your life. Friedrich Nietzsche (Check out
Don&apos;t demand or expect that events happen as you would wish them to. Accept events as they actually happen. That way peace is possible. Epictetus
Once you&apos;ve truly controlled your own fate, for better or for worse, you&apos;ll never let anyone else tell you what to do. Naval Ravikant
It is better to perform one&apos; own predetermined duty, even if one performs that duty imperfectly, than perform the duty of another. When one performs his own predetermined duty in accordance with one&apos; nature, one does not incur any sin. Krishna
Human beings want control and certainty. "Accepting fate" means the opposite. That&apos;s why it seems absurd to us. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Everything comes and goes in life. Happiness and unhappiness are temporary experiences that rise from sense perception. Heat and cold, pleasure and pain, will come and go. They never last forever. So, do not get attached to them. We have no control over them. Krishna
Whatever anyone does or says, I&apos;m bound to the good. Whatever anyone does or says, I must be what I am and show my true colors. Marcus Aurelius
Everywhere, at each moment, you have the option: to accept this event with humility; to treat this person as he should be treated; to approach this thought with care, so that nothing irrational creeps in. Marcus Aurelius
Focus on what nature demands, as if you were governed by that alone. Then do that, and accept it, unless your nature as a living being would be degraded by it. Marcus Aurelius
Whatever happens to you has been waiting to happen since the beginning of time. Marcus Aurelius
Only these two questions: Is what he&apos;s doing now the right thing to be doing? Does he accept and welcome what he&apos;s been assigned? Marcus Aurelius
Each of us needs what nature gives us, when nature gives it. Marcus Aurelius
Accept things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart. Marcus Aurelius
Here is a rule to remember in future, when anything tempts you to feel bitter: not &apos;This is misfortune&apos;, but &apos;To bear this worthily is good fortune.&apos; Marcus Aurelius
He who does not desire or fear the uncertain day or capricious fate, is equal to the gods above and loftier than mortals. Justus Lipsius
First, see clearly. Next, act correctly. Finally, endure and accept the world as it is. Ryan Holiday
Man&apos;s character is his fate. Heraclitus
Timendi causa est nescire &apos; Ignorance is the cause of fear. Seneca
Don&apos;t let your fears paralyze you into becoming a lesser version of yourself. Eliminate fear by confronting what you&apos;re afraid of. David Goggins
I&apos;m not asking you to be fearless. I&apos;m asking you to be courageous. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
If anyone can refute me, show me I&apos;m making a mistake or looking at things from the wrong perspective, I&apos;ll gladly change. It&apos;s the truth I&apos;m after. Marcus Aurelius
Many of the anxieties that harass you are superfluous... Expand into an ampler region, letting your thought sweep over the entire universe. Marcus Aurelius
We define ourselves far too often by our past failures. That&apos; not you. You are this person right now. You&apos;re the person who has learned from those failures. Joe Rogan
Repeated failure will toughen your spirit and show you with absolute clarity how things must be done. Robert Greene
Withstand the setbacks and failures, the days of drudgery, and the hard work that are always a part of any creative action. Robert Greene
Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth. Pema Chödrön
No amount of anxiety makes any difference to anything that is going to happen. Alan Watts
Life&apos;s three best teachers: heartbreak, empty pocket, failures. Haemin Sunim
Fear is the basis of all suffering. Both desire and anger are manifestations of fear. Fear itself is a creation of your mind. It does not exist independently. Since it is a fabrication, you don&apos;t have to fight it. Just understand it. Understanding is the key to freedom. @TheAncientSage
Learn to fail with pride &apos; and do so fast and cleanly. Maximise trial and error &apos; by mastering the error part. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
The cause of an event is often unclear. You will feel less anxiety if you can learn to be comfortable with ambiguity. @TheStoicEmperor
Human beings worry incessantly about their social status. Making every device "socially connected" turned every device into an anxiety machine. The machine becomes symbolic of the set of all people that may be judging you. If "hell is other people" then hell is in our pocket. @TheStoicEmperor
If you are ever tempted to look for outside approval, realize that you have compromised your integrity. If you need a witness, be your own. Epictetus
Focus on the moment, not the monsters that may or may not be up ahead. Ryan Holiday
Don&apos;t grieve. Anything you lose comes round in another form. Rumi
Live as if you died, but were resuscitated and every minute was a gift. The Daily Stoic
Death could be around the corner, for you, for your friends and for your family. I&apos;m not trying to scare you. I&apos;m just realist. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Death smiles at us all, but all a man can do is smile back. Marcus Aurelius
Consider the abyss of time past, infinite future. Three das of life or three generations: what&apos;s the difference? Marcus Aurelius
You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think. Marcus Aurelius
He has stripped away his body and - realizing that at some point soon he will have to abandon mankind and leave all this behind - has dedicated himself to serving justice in all he does, and nature in all that happens. Marcus Aurelius
Keep death and exile before your eyes each day, along with everything that seems terrible &apos; by doing so, you&apos;ll never have a base thought nor will you have excessive desire. Epictetus
Life has more meaning in the face of death. Robert Greene
By becoming deeply aware of our mortality, we intensify our experience of every aspect of life. Robert Greene
There will come a time in the distant future, where no one will know who you were, no one will know of your existence and contributions, no one will know your pain and suffering, and your happiness. Time will wipe away both men and the memories of men. Let yourself be free. @LifeMathMoney
Things you won&apos;t say on your deathbed: "I wish I paid more attention to what other people think". Johnny Uzan
Life is all the more precious and beautiful because it is so fleeting. Jack Kornfield
I&apos;m not afraid of dying. I&apos;m afraid not to have lived. Wim Hof
By contemplating the impermanence of everything in the world, we are forced to recognize that every time we do something could be the last time we do it, and this recognition can invest the things we do with a significance and intensity that would otherwise be absent. William B. Irvine
Some reach the heights of power. Some live quiet lives of virtue and purpose. Some seek nothing but mischief. All find their way to the grave. Time will make ashes of us all. Do not squander this moment. It will not come again. @TheStoicEmperor
What is quite unlooked for is more crushing in its effect, and unexpectedness adds to the weight of a disaster. The fact that it was unforeseen has never failed to intensify a person&apos; grief. This is a reason for ensuring that nothing ever takes us by surprise. We should project our thoughts ahead of us at every turn and have in mind every possible eventuality instead of only the usual course of events. Seneca
This is why we need to envisage every possibility and to strengthen the spirit to deal with the things which may conceivably come about. Rehearse them in your mind: exile, torture, war, shipwreck. Misfortune may snatch you away from your country... If we do not want to be overwhelmed and struck numb by rare events as if they were unprecedented ones; fortune needs envisaging in a thoroughly comprehensive way. Seneca
That person has lost their children: you too, can lose yours; that person received sentence of death: your innocence too, stands under the hammer. This is the fallacy that takes us in and makes us weak while we suffer misfortunes that we never foresaw that we could suffer. The person who has anticipated the coming of troubles takes away their power when they arrive. Seneca
Since every man dies, it is better to die with distinction than to live long. Musonius Rufus
It&apos;s better to conquer grief than to deceive it. Seneca
Let us prepare our minds as if we&apos;d come to the very end of life. Let us postpone nothing. Seneca
All cruelty springs from weakness. Seneca
The best answer to anger is silence. Marcus Aurelius
Not to display anger or other emotions. To be free of passion and yet full of love. Marcus Aurelius (What Marcus learned from Sextus)
It is our own opinions that disturb us. Take away these opinions then, and resolve to dismiss your judgment about an act as if it were something grievous, and your anger is gone. Marcus Aurelius
Yes, you can &apos; if you do everything as if it were the last thing you were doing in life, and stop being aimless, stop letting your emotions override what your mind tells you, stop being hypocritical, self-centered, irritable. Marcus Aurelius
Being angry means your lizard brain took control. Being calm means you stayed above your emotions. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
At any given moment, you can choose to follow the chain of thoughts, emotions, and sensations that reinforce a perception of yourself as vulnerable and limited, or to remember that your true nature is pure, unconditioned, and incapable of being harmed. Mingyur Rinpoche
Humility is a knowledge of our weaknesses, confidence is a knowledge of our strengths, and ego is something dangerous with none of the former and a skewed sense of the latter. The Daily Stoic
Emotions are easily hijacked by illusory threats that tap into our insecurities. We can&apos;t be strategically dynamic if we are always on the defensive. We are more effective when we realize how many things don&apos;t require any response at all. @TheStoicEmperor
Your true self is not your emotion such as anger, frustration or hate. It is the inner witness that knows the rise and fall of your emotion. Haemin Sunim
Ignoring someone is more powerful than hating them. Hate means that you are somehow bothered by the person and can&apos;t stop thinking about them. They possess you. Indifference indicates that you just don&apos;t care. It is freedom. @TheAncientSage
Greatness starts with the replacement of hatred with polite disdain. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
If we seek social status, we give other people power over us: We have to do things calculated to make them admire us, and we have to refrain from doing things that will trigger their disfavor. William B. Irvine
It is a narrow passageway that leads to the garden of contentment. Big egos don&apos;t fit. @TheStoicEmperor
A minute of rage can undo a lifetime of diligent effort. Self-control is self-preservation. Most of us won&apos;t look back on the moments we acted in anger as among our finest. @TheStoicEmperor
Do not act when the tide of rage flows in. Wait for it to go out. Then act with reason and proportion. @TheStoicEmperor
To not be distracted by the darkness of others, to head towards the light. To be good without hesitation, even when other people are not. That&apos; our job. The Daily Stoic
Whatever seems lofty is dangerous... Those whom an unfavorable fortune has placed in a critical position will be safer if they eliminate pride from their proud circumstances and bring down their fortune as much as possible to a lowly state. Seneca
Zoom out. In the grand scheme of things, is this really going to affect you? We can&apos;t even remember what we were doing 5 days ago, let alone five years. What matters is how you feel now. If it makes you upset, let it go. If it feels good, let it consume you. Thibaut
Once the ego inflates it will only come back to earth through some jarring failure. Robert Greene
Do not envy those who seems naturally gifted; it is often a curse. Robert Greene
When you think you&apos;re done, you&apos;re only at 40% of your body&apos; capability. David Goggins
Even if you are hurting, never let your competition see the look of defeat or even vulnerability on your face. David Goggins
You&apos;re never given more pain than you can handle. Byron Katie
It will only hurt if you keep remembering it but a true stoic looks forward. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
What is the point of dragging up sufferings that are over, of being miserable now, because you were miserable then? Seneca
You don&apos;t suffer because things are impermanent. You suffer because things are impermanent and you think they are permanent. Thich Nhat Hanh
Pain is neither intolerable nor everlasting if you bear in mind that it has its limits, and if you add nothing to it in imagination. Marcus Aurelius
Change is never painful, only your resistance to change is painful. Buddhist proverb
The pain and boredom we experience in the initial stage of learning a skill toughens our minds. Robert Greene
Does what&apos; happened keep you from acting with justice, generosity, self-control, sanity, prudence, honesty, humility, straightforwardness, and all other qualities that allow a person&apos; nature to fulfil itself? So remember this principle when something threatens to cause you pain: the thing itself was no misfortune at all; to endure it and prevail is great good fortune. Marcus Aurelius
Life is full of suffering. Yes. Why should it be otherwise? Embrace. Endure. @TheStoicEmperor
We must be willing to roll the dice and lose. Prepare, at the end of the day, for none of it to work. Ryan Holiday
The path of least resistance is a terrible teacher. Ryan Holiday
All greatness comes from suffering. Naval Ravikant
Pay attention to your enemies, for they are the first to discover your mistakes. Antisthenes
What people say or think about him, or how they treat him, isn&apos;t something he worries about. Marcus Aurelius
Accustom yourself to criticism. Robert Greene
Can you take criticism and use it constructively? Robert Greene
Become your own worst critic; see your work as if through the eyes of others. Robert Greene
You must not be afraid of your uniqueness and you must care less and less what people think of you. Robert Greene
Understand: a critic doesn&apos;t disturb you, it disturbs your ego. You want to know the truth. Your ego is scared of it. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
Never be angry at someone for telling you the truth, no matter how unpleasant. @LifeMathMoney
Not reacting to deliberate provocation is a superpower. If you have the awareness and self-control to not react predictably, there is nothing that can put you off your path. Remember: the only enemy you need to fear is your own self - your lack of awareness and loss of control. @TheAncientSage
Do not care what others think of you. Be an unapologetic rebel. The masses are lost. Looking up to them for guidance is like a person with eyes looking up to the blind. Feel free to do your own thing without fearing the disapproval of others. If they don&apos;t like it&apos;s their problem. @TheAncientSage
Many think great success will pacify their critics. Quite the contrary. Criticism will multiply as you grow and progress. Positive attention does not come without negative attention. This is the price of having an impact. @TheStoicEmperor
We find comfort among those who agree with us - growth among those who don&apos;t. Frank A. Clark
Most people who doubt you doubt you because they can never see themselves doing what you are trying to do. David Goggins
Your reputation is harmed the most by what you say to defend it. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
If evil be spoken of you and it be true, correct yourself, if it&apos; a lie, laugh at it. Epictetus
Love without sacrifice is like theft. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
It is a sign of weakness to avoid showing signs of weakness. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
Life without love would be a strange thing. But don&apos;t be surprised if you get burned. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
You don&apos;t love yourself enough. Or you&apos;d love your nature too, and what it demands of you. Marcus Aurelius
Accustom yourself to attend carefully to what is said by another, and as much as it is possible, try to inhabit the speaker&apos; mind. Marcus Aurelius
A fit body, a calm mind, a house full of love. These things cannot be bought &apos; they must be earned. Naval Ravikant
There is nothing more precious than trust. Low trust environments are full of friction and inefficiency. Every interaction is a fierce negotiation. Trust makes a marriage warm and a nation wealthy. @TheStoicEmperor
You don&apos;t develop courage by being happy in your relationships everyday. You develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. Epicurus
It is not so much our friends&apos; help that helps us as the confident knowledge that they will help us. Epicurus
Fragile egos make for fragile friendships. @TheStoicEmperor
Keep company only with people who uplift you. Epictetus
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for a kindness. Seneca
We should love all our dear ones... but always with the thought that we have no promise that we may keep them forever&apos;nay, no promise even that we may keep them for long. Seneca
A gift consists not in what is done or given, but in the intention of the giver or doer. Seneca
Life is so hard, how can we be anything but kind? Jack Kornfield
The secret of all victory lies in the organization of the non-obvious. Marcus Aurelius
If you want to improve, be content to be thought foolish and stupid. Epictetus
Winning is not about talent, being smart, taking shortcuts. It&apos;s about finding the right thing to do, and doing it. Maxime Lagac&eacute;
The mind should not be kept continuously at the same pitch of concentration, but given amusing diversions... Our minds must relax: they will rise better and keener after a rest. Just as you must not force fertile farmland, as uninterrupted productivity will soon exhaust it, so constant effort will sap our mental vigor, while a short period of rest and relaxation will restore our powers. Seneca
If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures. Musonius Rufus
Lean into the discomfort of the work. Bren&eacute; Brown
What man actually needs is not a tensionless state but rather the striving and struggling for some goal worthy of him. Viktor Frankl
Eventually, the time that was not spent on learning skills will catch up with you, and the fall will be painful. Robert Greene
You are not tied to a particular position; your loyalty is not to a career or company. Robert Greene
Understand: people will constantly attack you in life. One of their main weapons will be to instill in you doubts about yourself. They will often disguise this as their objective opinion, but invariably it has a political purpose - they want to keep you down. Robert Greene
If it is time to rest, rest completely. A good rest rejuvenates you so that you may do quality work. If it is time to work, work with complete focus. Time spent working earnestly earns you a well deserved rest. Don&apos;t mix work and rest; this compromises the quality of both. @TheAncientSage
If you&apos;re more passionate about founding a business than the business itself, you can fall into a ten year trap. Better to stay emotionally unattached and select the best opportunity that arises. Applies to relationships too. Naval Ravikant
Weak men act to satisfy their needs, stronger men their duties. Nassim Nicholas Taleb
A single day among the learned lasts longer than the longest life of the ignorant. Posidonius
Discomfort is your friend. It doesn&apos;t matter if you&apos;re sick, if you have kids... if you&apos;re a pro, you go to work. Joe Rogan
People tend to avoid the important work they fear by doing unimportant work that wears them out. They suppress anxiety with exhaustion, but they do not address the source of the problem. @TheStoicEmperor
Finding information is easier than ever. Filtering information is harder than ever. We are bombarded with irrelevant data and unsolicited stimulation. Choosing what to ignore is as important as choosing what to pay attention to. @TheStoicEmperor
Bad companies are destroyed by crisis. Good companies survive them. Great individuals, like great companies, find a way to transform weakness into strength. Ryan Holiday
It&apos;s waiting that helps you as an investor, and a lot of people just can&apos;t stand to wait. Charlie Munger
You need patience, discipline, and an agility to take losses and adversity without going crazy. Charlie Munger
Our job is to find a few intelligent things to do, not to keep up with every damn thing in the world. Charlie Munger
It&apos; not supposed to be easy. Anyone who finds it easy is stupid. Charlie Munger
Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking. Marcus Aurelius
